

The source from all my findings was simply measuring and thinking about what i need than googling the item. than spending HOURS lol scrolling through different manufacturers and online markets reading reveiews and threads about that part.

Start of project, I have a old honda recon fourwheeler that used to be my grandpas we dont use it very much and it just sits doing nothing. other than being a spare parts bench lol. So i was wandering what to do with it. i thought about selling it, than i got the idea to rc swap it. The big problem with these big rc swap kits is steering method. the few people ive seen do it use a stepper motor onto the handle bars. but i dont like this idea because it ruins the fourwheeler for any other use than rc. So i spent time thinking about how to do it. than my dads honda rancher broke a tye rod (the rod between the wheel hub and steer shaft, that turns the wheels) While replacing it i got the idea to run the steering off the tie rods from the bottom of the fourwheeler so i dont have to modify the handle bars. than i was debating what to turn it with.i thought servo which is a good idea but would take a very big one and expensive. which a servo is my back up plan. Than i saw a camper and thought about the tarp that stretches out. and i started reasearching what campers use to drive the tarps. and found out its a linear actuator. i started reasearching linear actuators and how they work and what they do.Than i did measurments to see the steering distance from all the way left to all the way right. and got 228mm. So i started reasearching companys and found, Actuonix Motion Devices. And i selected there 200mm length actuator. its price is $110, I selected 2 of them. I beleive 1 will be able to steer the fourwheeler if not i have 2. but if 1 is able to drive it just fine im going to use the other to shift the fourwheeler. this four wheeler is mannual and shifts by moving a pedal straight up and down. so a actuator would work great. my plan to steer it is to use the 2 mounts each motor comes with 4 total. im going to use my dads welder and put one plate on the tie rod and the other on top of the bottom skid plate that protects where the tire rod and steering shaft meets. And these mounts have a hole in them and so does the actuator  so you just out a bolt in to hold them togeather so if i need to drive it normally i just pop the bolt out and its good to go. 

After about a week or 2 of working on the first part i started on this part. For throttle i plan to use a servo than can push the throttle lever. I will use a 3d printed plate that holds the servo to the handle bar and the servo as it rotates will push the hand throttle. 
And for emergency stop the fourwheeler has a switch that kills it instantly so at the back of the switch i plan to use a mossfet or semi conductor. the one i chose can run 12v signals but the required volt to activate it is only 2v so the controller can run it directly. and i plan to use the same plan for starting switch and lights(if i want to) 

after about like 3 days of reaseaching part 2 i started on this last part. What to controll this with. I chose the esp 32 its very popular and runs very fast which will reduce delay and lag. and as a remote im using a flysky remote with 10channels of communictations so i can run everthing i must have than than other cool feature like lights later. The pack of esp3ss is a 2 pack i think i only need one but if the load is to much for it and makes to much lag i will use one for steering and throttle and other one for kill switch light and starting swicth. and i can use eso 32 connect so the boards can communicate with eachother for emergency stop reason or i just run a wire that tells other board to pause untill cleared. 
Other parts in cart i chose a motor driver for the linear actuators incase the ones they come with wont work with my controll board. and i chose a 12v step down converter to 5v for powering the boards since they run on 5v. This last part took about a day.

In total it tooke just shy of 3 weeks to come up with this and reasearch in the free time i had. the total pre tax and shipping price is $338.52 everthing but the actuators can be pruchased from amazon prime and the actuators can be bought from the companys website. 
